It's inspiring you trying to live up to your namesake, truly.
But do you really think it's possible inside this giant trash beast?
I sure don't.
Have some faith, my guy.
I know how to put on a show.
The trick is powering through the worst of it.
Think highly of yourself, don't you?
And just what makes you think you can just power yourself on out of here?
Excuse me? Were you not listening?
We're all in this together!
I'll be.
Y'all don't expect me to believe that he actually knew where to go, do you?
Hot damn! That fella really did figure it out.
Do y'all cleaners have something that lets y'all know where your friends are or what?
Hell no!
We've got no idea. He's just a good guesser.
He guessed?
Nailed it.
Did you blindly bore through this trash beast to get here?
I'm impressed you managed to find your way out.
Now he knows what he stood for.
Well, one more person cannot break the law in a chain.
Okay, denies all their past,oston.
And then another capture.
We are number one, am I right?
I'll let you know if ever you start leaving.
I already know the price for this good-or-nothing financially,
and the dammed security thatına people are trying to fill up that口.
You're very twisted.
pior first of all,
you took our protectors away from us.
That said,
one more person doesn't change anything.
Oh, I hit my head really hard.
Just hold on!
I'm just gonna sleep it off.
No! You don't sleep off my head!
Speak, man!
My whole team's alive.
And that changes everything.
Now what?
Bet you wanna keep spouting more shit.
Well, I don't wanna hear it.
There's a Trash Beast's core right above us.
And there's a whole team of cleaners right behind you.
You're done!
This experiment is over!
A conclusion is coming, yes.
Now is the time for us to wait and observe.
Once we cross the border, we'll see if it was worth it.
Kokoro, let me see you finish this.
The Real Would You Go To
You're going too far!
Good night!
Naokimanau, speak!
Please beep鳩
Typro Dev
Good night 434...
Okay, every night I takeِ
Hey, how are you doing?
Thank you for accompanying me.
No, no thanks.
Hyありがとうございました
One, two, three, four.
Good job!
At least 186 days of work!
I'm telling you.
And there's so many jobs.
I can't say much
天才って最低の天才 So 言うんでいい
思いが募る場所に花は咲くから
Let's riot!
Get back! Get trashed!
諦めて希望を Let's cross cross!
積み上げて踊るな 頂きから高らかに笑い
Lose! Get sold!
隠しきりそう 声を聞かしてく野郎は
誰が一体 誰が一体 誰だったとしても
この理想は無理なので 誰が一体としても
繋げてこうぜ
頂きに来てくれ
リオ?
リオ? 死ぬ人は?
死ぬ人は?
死ぬ人は? いや
死ぬ人は? いや 少しだけ
少しだけ
動いてる
始まった
結局 長い時間がかかった
経つまでに 経つまで
死ぬ人
同時に
時間と戦い
今回 毎度 一致的に
起adore
風か
描く
動ずく
転倒
得意
It's cleaning time!
It's like a gun!
Did I hear him right?
We're inside a giant trash beast?
Neither my experiment nor my training are finished.
In fact, they are far from it.
Howdy, y'all.
Allow me to clarify.
We're actually raiders-in-training.
Hayseeds.
Greenhorns.
Newbies.
A newbie?
Wait, are you joking?
Probably should have acted with a bit more urgency at the start.
Not much time left to show the boss what I can do.
But you can't undo what's done.
Better start laying down the pain while I still can.
It's right up to him!
Right!
troriff
Give that trimmer a break.
No big deal.
Got it.
Ooh, a fifth of a simultanious voltaire.
We got it, now.
In the flesh then.
A different using that.
They say enough is enough.
These hands are prosthetic arms that became part of me at certain stages of my life.
Just look at them. They're all of excellent quality, aren't they?
I highly doubt y'all can slip through them before we reach the border.
And to be fair, y'all should know I do have a spare on me.
I don't know.
The other newbies are taking on all the cleaners right now.
Gonna do something about that?
Or are you tapping out?
Not on you.
For life.
No way in hell I'm letting it end like this!
There's the core.
All I have to do is get to it, and take it out.
The solution's right there, but...
I can't get to it!
Go away!
STAHP!
I'M
FALLING FOR YOUR LIFE!
YAAASSY!
Whoa, rattle-wattle.
Give me a Ogle Notte.
Here!
Let me see!
You'll win!
Then I'll clip him.
There ain't no need for that, darling.
We all get more conservative as we get older.
Hence my sixth hand.
Got this one at 40.
Now my second hand.
Got that at 18.
Still had some maturing to do.
Felt I needed a sharp personality to survive.
And my fifth hand.
That came at 35.
I was pretty adrift during that time.
Multiple vital instruments.
No way he's in training.
Since he saw us use them,
I'd expect him to have a plan to counter Mindir's instruments,
but he clocked to squash the others almost instantly.
He's no newbie.
He's a vet.
If we had everyone against this guy,
we'd be fine.
But with Gita down and out, we are in serious trouble.
Bandus appears to be an acceptable addition.
His instrument is well cared for.
And given his time with it, its quality is beyond most.
It's like an extension of his body now.
What's more, givers with multiple vital instruments
are rare.
And any more.
Anyone foolish enough to mistake him for one
has no chance against him.
I collected Jabber.
He said he went all out like you asked
and hopes you'll play with him soon.
Seems he's still in need of reform.
All right.
It's about time for us to take our leave.
I thought we had plans for a few weeks.
B potencial as the A argentina.
Guállamos un photonico pensado.
Here I go.
La obtura de un cambio.
What if soundtrack comedy
который existe dentro de la música musical,
still gives B......
etwas which I don't have para decir.
I don't not actually understand The
play yet.
But Wortwitzing has faith Level Vhsmis.
I hope you have good luck
with your work.
Quickly.
Hands up!
I could hit it from here.
The hell is that?
Hey, welcome back.
Damn it.
This is really bad.
I can't break past this freaking guy.
You know, I'm grateful to you.
This has been the perfect chance for me to show off my talents.
This trash base is getting closer to the border by the second.
There's no telling how long we have to stop it.
We don't even know what's going to happen at the border.
Just that we'll all die.
Not even...
The engine and the others can get past him.
Isn't there anything I can do?
No.
You've got something they don't.
You have 3R.
Recto gave them to you.
No.
He passed them on to you.
And that's not all.
They're your treasure.
And you've been caring for them nearly your whole damn life.
I've cherished and cared for mine.
Every bit as much as he has his.
And that means...
Ruto.
Stronger.
And even stronger!
Stronger!
That's right.
I can get stronger.
Stronger.
Fist of Hoffa!
ō
Ruto, all right.
Thank you.
Fat as well.
Uh-oh.
That's enough stuff.
What are you gonna do then?
I got some life orderSir.
Well...
That's new.
It's the very same one.
Okay. And how do you know that?
Think about it for a second.
His power works three times.
Makes three weapons out of three pieces of trash.
Now, I don't think he realizes this.
The reason why 3R can make three weapons
is Ruto's been dividing up its power among each piece of trash.
So then, what do you think happens if he focuses it all into one?
Well...
Nothing good.
At best, he'll overexert himself and pass out.
And you just put more thought into his actions than he did.
That said, he'd still do it either way.
Channeling every ounce of power at once and damn the consequences, huh?
Silly boy.
Silly, impulsive, reckless boy.
Which, unfortunately, makes you the biggest threat right now.
As annoying as it may be,
you can't stop stupid from being stupid!
Then don't try!
Just move!
That's got some kick to it!
Come on!
But still,
it's not enough!
One more.
Hag!
Eh...
Hold it.
My hands. You broke them.
Oh, come on! He was so close!
Just a little to the left and this'd all be over!
But he took out the old man. Now let's finish this.
No!
It hurts like hell, don't it?
Even if you can fix it up...
Seeing something you love shatter all to pieces just tears you apart.
Every time... it always hurts the same.
And it never gets easier.
Brutal!
Oh, hell.
Don't go projecting all your empathy on your enemy's stuff now, too!
You did well, Bundus.
Come and join us.
Really? But I still have a job to get done, don't I?
I have a good enough idea of your capabilities.
And besides...
There's nothing else we need here.
Thought there was more you were wanting to learn.
I've seen this vehicle's potential.
I've seen this vehicle's potential. Its resilience.
I've seen how my new raiders operate.
Refined them.
I know the limits of these chokers.
And I've witnessed the power of another entry in the Watchmen series.
I see no reason for us to stay here any longer.
Well, alright!
That's music to my ears.
Hey, wait! Come back!
Don't leave your vital instrument!
Hmm...
You got a big ol' heart for objects, don't you?
This should make you feel better, then.
All of my arms integrate parts from the original prosthetic that I used.
I love all of them.
The first one's always gonna be special from the rest, you know?
It's like the core of my vital instrument.
It's how I can fix them.
Like I said.
Fine! Screw you too!
And don't just run away!
Run away?
My experiment is still ongoing.
The rest of you are my test subjects.
What can I learn by remaining here in the cage with you?
I'll view the results at a distance.
No! You kidnapped us and brought us here, barfbag!
You don't get to have this go your way!
Then why do you keep barking at me?
Turn around and destroy the core already.
No, wait.
It's too late for that.
You should have done that before another motivated recruit arrived.
Now you'll have to contend with them.
Huh?
What?!
Thank you for watching!